chore: add OpenFGA Architecture diagram (#2266)
openfga/openfga: docs/architecture/architecture.md

# OpenFGA High Level Architecture

OpenFGA is a server that reads/writes from a database, and its architecture is similar to any other system that does that:

![basic_architecture](deployment.svg)

> - The client application is a service that calls OpenFGA. It can call it using the gRPC API or the HTTP API directly, or through OpenFGA's SDKs (JS, Python, Go, Java, .NET). 

Reviewer: The SDK consume the protocols exposed, this reads as if it was doing something different.

- Calls to the OpenFGA API can be authenticated using a shared secret or through a client credentials flow. If the application uses client credentials, it needs to obtain those for an OAuth client credentials provider (KeyCloak, Auth0, Microsoft Entra etc). 

> - The cluster needs to have an ingress for load balancing and eventually service authentication (e.g. nginx).

Reviewer: > eventually service authentication (e.g. nginx).

Uh? They can do service authentication, but it doesn't need it if using it at the OpenFGA layer.

> - The OpenFGA service needs a database. At the time of writing this the supported one were Postgres, MySQL and SQLite. SQLite is not designed for deployment in a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The OpenFGA service needs a database. At the time of writing the supported ones are Postgres, MySQL and SQLite. SQLite is not designed for multiple instances of OpenFGA.
```

There is no reason to couple OpenFGA to K8s.

> - OpenFGA supports OTEL metrics, OTEL metrics and JSON logging. These can be sent to any collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenFGA supports OTEL metrics, OTEL traces and JSON logging. These can be sent to any collector.
```

## Internal Architecture

The following diagram describes at high level how OpenFGA works internally. 

![internals](internals.svg)

- The [`/store`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Stores/CreateStore) endpoints allow managing OpenFGA stores, which contain the authorization model + the data. Stores can be used for isolate different applications, environments, or tenants.

> - The [`/authorization-models`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Authorization%20Models/WriteAuthorizationModel) endpoints allow writing new authorization models, which define the authorizatoin policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`/authorization-models`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Authorization%20Models/WriteAuthorizationModel) endpoint allow writing new authorization models, which define the authorization policies.
```

>  [`/write`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Tuples/Write) endppints read and write relationship tuples, which are validated and stored in the configured database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The [`/write`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Tuples/Write) endpoint allows writing and deleting relationship tuples, which are validated and stored in the configured database.
```

> - The [`/read`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Tuples/Read) and [`/write`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Tuples/Write) endppints read and write relationship tuples, which are validated and stored in the configured database.

Reviewer: Is this meant to be bundled together?

> - The [`/check`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/Check), [`/batch-check`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/BatchCheck), [`/list-objects`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/ListObjects), [`/list-users`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/ListUsers), [`/expand`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/Expand) endpoints evaluate the permission graph, reading data the database and two caches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`/check`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/Check), [`/batch-check`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/BatchCheck), [`/list-objects`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/ListObjects), [`/list-users`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/ListUsers), [`/expand`](https://openfga.dev/api/service#/Relationship%20Queries/Expand) endpoints evaluate the permission graph, reading data the database and caches.
```

It's pointless to breakdown the caches as more layers can be added.
